Come on, second young master
Second young master, let me go, I don't know
Believe it or not, this young master's words
Make you unable to drink water for a lifetime
Second Young Master, you have a lot of money
Why bother with us?
Do you know
How many women enjoy this little bed?
As long as you are willing to follow me
In the future, you will have whatever you want
Come on, let's play in the house
Come on, oops, second young master
In the hands of the second young master, I still want to fly
Stop dreaming
Robbing folk girls in broad daylight
Is there any other way?
Brother Wu, hurry up and leave
Don't worry about me, you kid still want a hero to save the beauty
Can you control dogs and mice?
Zhang Shao, why is it you?
What Zhang Shao
Lao Tzu's surname is Li
The second young master of the Li family opened your dog eyes to see clearly
It looks like a human
Probably not alone
I'll tell you what.
I'm sure you don't have to run for this nosey today
As long as I'm here today
No one can take it away
Where are we going?
You can go
But he left. I bought him.
Don't go anywhere
Second young master, I can redeem him
Do you think these oceans are enough?
Just this money
Do you know how much a bucket of water is worth to me?
Second Young Master, can I kneel down for you?
No matter how much water
I will definitely pay you back in the future.
What are you doing kneeling down for this kind of person? Isn't it just water?
I pay for him
Brother Hu, how can you do this?
You're welcome. What?
Water is nothing to me
I can have as many as I want.